Small improvements to the expressions user guide (#1363)
skrub-data/skrub: doc/skrub_pipeline.rst

  example, "Customers", "Orders", and "Products" tables) that need to be
  processed and assembled into a design matrix ``X``. The target ``y`` may also
  be the result of some data processing. Standard scikit-learn estimators do not
  support this, as they expect right away a single design matrix ``X`` and a
  target array ``y``, with one row per observation.
- **DataFrame wrangling**: Performing typical DataFrame operations such as
  projections, joins, and aggregations should be possible and allow leveraging
  the powerful and familiar APIs of `Pandas <https://pandas.pydata.org>`_ or
  `Polars <https://docs.pola.rs/>`_.
- **Hyperparameter tuning**: Choices of estimators, hyperparameters, and even
  the pipeline architecture can be guided by validation scores. Specifying
  ranges of values to explore for each choice should be easy, but doing so
  separately from the model (as in
  :class:`~sklearn.model_selection.GridSearchCV`) is difficult in complex
  pipelines.
- **Iterative development**: Building a pipeline step by step while inspecting
  intermediate results allows for a short feedback loop and early discovery of

>   errors.

Author: TODO: on the skrub pipelinie image below,

- Maybe Transformer 1 -> "Transformer" and "Estimator" -> "Predictor"?
- `get_cv_results_table` -> `results_`
- `plot_parallel_coord` -> `plot_results()`
- maybe remove `predict_proba` but add `predict` on the ParamSearch?
- I like the comments with the curved arrows, maybe we could have a couiple more:
  - "use the object's native API" pointing to groupby
  - "build X and y as part of the pipeline" pointing to y

Skrub expressions
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Skrub pipelines are built using special objects that represent intermediate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Skrub pipelines are built using *Expressions*: special objects that represent intermediate
```

> results in a computation. These objects record the operations performed on them

Reviewer: ```suggestion
results in a computation. *Expressions* record the operations performed on them
```

(such as applying operators or calling methods) allowing the entire computation
graph to be retrieved later as a machine learning pipeline that can be fitted
and applied to unseen data.

> Because these Skrub objects encapsulate computations that can be evaluated to produce

Reviewer: If we go with the previous comment, remove this sentence

―――――――
Index(['item', 'price', 'qty'], dtype='object')

The "result" we see is an *example* result that the computation produces for the
data we provided. But we want to fit our pipeline and apply it to different
datasets, for which it will return a new object every time. So even if we see a
preview of the output on the data we provided, ``orders.columns`` still
represents a future computation that remains to be evaluated.

Therefore, we must delay the execution of the ``for`` statement until the computation
actually runs and ``orders.columns`` has been evaluated.

We can achieve this by defining a function that contains the control flow logic
we need, and decorating it with :func:`deferred`. This decorator defers the execution

> of the function: when we call it, it does not run immediately. Instead, it returns

Author: Thanks, I'll add the mention of `apply_func`. Does the `with_upper_columns` function below illustrate how to use a function that does something on the dataframe ? or would you need a more realistic example?
